Note: Most publishers want the supplementary material and the main article to be uploaded as two separate files.
The publishers will then typically only care about typesetting the main article to match their layout while the supplementary material will just be made available as the file(s) the corresponding author has uploaded.
Many articles are generated with clickable reference links, e.g., by use of the 'doi'-package, but when the main article and the supplementary material are separate files, links from the one file to the other will be broken and behave weird.
This explains why Elsevier forces the authors to manually type references from the main article to the supplementary material: to avoid dead reference links (which will be annoying and appear amateurish to readers).
The TeX-files for this article were designed to ease the transition from the drafting/editing phase (where the author wants to use LaTeX's automatic referencing) to the review/submission phase (where the publisher may force the author to manually change all references from the main article to the supplementary material).
Therefore, the preamble for this document contains referencing logic and defines mode flags for draft/submission mode and blinded/non-blinded mode.

This folder contains the seven tex-files:
- Enhanced-SNP-genotyping-with-SMLR.tex
- smlr-frontmatter.tex
- smlr-main-text.tex
- smlr-table1.tex
- Supplementary-material-smlr.tex
- wrapper-supplementary-material-smlr.tex
- preamble-smlr.tex

The file 'smlr-table1.tex' is included in 'Enhanced-SNP-genotyping-with-SMLR.tex' by use of '\input{}'.
If draft mode is toggled on (\submissionfalse), then 'Supplementary-material-smlr.tex' is included in the output pdf (using the 'subfiles' package).
If draft mode is toggled off (\submissiontrue), 'Supplementary-material-smlr.tex' should be compiled as a standalone.
While 'wrapper-supplementary-material-smlr.tex' has the structure of a main file for 'Supplementary-material-smlr.tex', it isn't intended to be compiled. Instead, compile 'Supplementary-material-smlr.tex' as a standalone.
Reason: There seems to be a bug somewhere (probably the 'subfiles' package), since the defined \fancyhead with the "SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL" text is NOT printed on the supplementary material's page 8 and 9 when the wrapper is compiled, but it is printed as expected when compiling the subfile as standalone.

If blinded mode is toggled on (\blindedtrue), then logic like below is used to hide author information from the frontmatter and certain sentences in the main text:

\ifblinded
Text with no author information.
\else
Text with author information.
\fi
